Hey, guys, what's up?
This was American, and I welcome you to another tutorial on discourse on Ruby.
And in this tutorial, we are again going to be covering two functions that are bigon and they inspect
function.
So starting on with the first function we are going to be covering in this tutorial, that is the big
The Biggin is an invalid method in Ruby that returns the first element of the given range.
And if you talk about the syntax for this, it is also going to be very simple.
It is range.
One does not begin to function except no kind of parameter.
And if you talk about the return value, it is going to return the first element of the given range.
So basically begin is the very similar version of using the first function without arguments.
So moving on to the second function we are going to be covering in this tutorial is the function.
It is also an invalid function in Ruby that returns that range object in a printable form.
And if you talk about the syntax, it is going to be again, very simple.
It has no arguments and it is very simple.
Lestrange dot instead.
So wasting no time.
Let's move on to our ED to see two very simple examples of both these functions.
So we will start on with the first one that is the big and functions.
So we will have a range for that.
That is, let's say, 029 And as I told you, that this is very similar to the first function, if that
is used without any kind of argument.
So it is going to be range, dard, begin run and it is going to return.
The first element of the first element was something else.
It is going to return that element for us.
Then the second function is the fact function that basically return the range objects in a printable
form.
So all you have to do is that you have to just remove this.
You have to write inputs, arrange Dodd, inspect.
Run this and it is going to inspect the range and it is going to simply return the range for us, that
is 5.0 nine.
So it is very similar to just writing and Pott's range on your screens.
So you can just write it in both ways.
You can just write and inspect as well, and it is going to return simply the range for you.
So I guess that these were the very two simple examples of how these functions can be used in Ruby.
So I guess that's it with this studio.
Thank you so much, guys, for watching.
And I'll see you guys in the next tutorial.